Add .is-bordered to code snippet (#3632)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/base/code.md

View example of the code snippet with syntax highlighting
</a></div>

### Bordered

<span class="p-label--new">New</span>

> In some cases, such as when including an `iframe` as part of the code snippet to demonstrate what the code in the example outputs as, you may want a border around the entire code snippet. This can be done by adding `.is-bordered` to the `.p-code-snippet` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the class `.is-bordered` to the `.p-code-snippet` element to visually group the code snippet with anoter section, for instance the rendered result of the code in the snippet. ```
